Simplify and re-arrange the OpenShift guide (#21309)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/deploying-to-openshift.adoc

[source,bash]
----
oc login --token=myToken --server=myServerUrl
----

TIP: You can request the token via the _Copy Login Command_ link in the OpenShift web console.

Finally, you don't need to use the OpenShift CLI at all.
Instead, set the `quarkus.kubernetes-client.master-url` config property and authenticate with the `quarkus.kubernetes-client.token`, or `quarkus.kubernetes-client.username` and `quarkus.kubernetes-client.password` respectively.

.Log In - Configuration Properties Example
[source,bash]
----
./mvnw clean package -Dquarkus.kubernetes-client.master-url=myServerUrl -Dquarkus.kubernetes-client.token=myToken
----

== Build and Deployment

You can trigger a build and deployment in a single step or build the container image first and then configure the OpenShift application manually if you need <<control_application_config,more control over the deployment configuration>>.

To trigger a build and deployment in a single step:

[source,bash,subs=attributes+]
----
./mvnw clean package -Dquarkus.kubernetes.deploy=true
----

This command will build your application locally, then trigger a container image build and finally apply the generated OpenShift resources automatically.

> The generated resources are using OpenShift's `DeploymentConfig` that is configured to automatically trigger a redeployment when a change in the `ImageStream` is noticed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated resources use OpenShift's `DeploymentConfig` that is configured to automatically trigger a redeployment when a change in the `ImageStream` is noticed.
```

    </dependency>
----

== Log Into the OpenShift Cluster

Before we build and deploy our application we need to log into an OpenShift cluster.
You can log in via the https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.9/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html[OpenShift CLI]:

.Log In - OpenShift CLI Example
[source,bash]
----
oc login -u myUsername <1>
----
<1> You'll be prompted for the required information such as server URL, password, etc.

Alternatively, you may log in using the API token:

.Log In - OpenShift CLI With API Token Example
[source,bash]
----
oc login --token=myToken --server=myServerUrl
----

TIP: You can request the token via the _Copy Login Command_ link in the OpenShift web console.

Finally, you don't need to use the OpenShift CLI at all.
Instead, set the `quarkus.kubernetes-client.master-url` config property and authenticate with the `quarkus.kubernetes-client.token`, or `quarkus.kubernetes-client.username` and `quarkus.kubernetes-client.password` respectively.

.Log In `application.properties` Example
[source,properties]
----

> quarkus.kubernetes-client.master-url=myServerUrl

Reviewer 2: we shouldn't recommend users to put these in application properties should we ?

better do it using `mvn -Dquarkus.kubernets-client.token=... etc` ?

Author: Yes, that's a good point. Let's change the example...
